Dear Gaby,

How have you been? I hope you are doing better. These past few days have been so hard for me.
I want to be able to talk to you, know how you're doing, know what you're up to. But I can't and
and it sucks that I can't. I want to talk to someone about how I feel but the only person I want
to talk to is you. That is why I am writing to you. Though you may not see this, that is okay. I
just wanted to be able to feel like I'm talking to you, as kind of my outlet. If you do see this,
know that I just really need someone to talk to and I want it to be you. Maybe I should've just texted you 
but I thought it would be unfair to reach out to you because this is all so new, and you needed time for yourself. 
We both did. 

But to be honest though, I never wanted space away from you. I miss you so much and every day I regret
not begging you to stay and keep trying. I regret breaking up and I should've tried everything I could
to stay with you. These days, I try to keep myself busy but when I'm not, all I can think about is you.
I think about all the things I can't do with you anymore. Every day it feels like I'm losing you little by little, 
but if I really think about it, it feels like I lost you overnight. I lost my best friend overnight. I think that's what's making me sad the most. I can't
talk to you the same way I used to. I can't ask to call, ask you what you're doing, I can't do any of it anymore.
I really wish I could.

I really do hope you are doing good though. I hope you are healing and figuring everything out, even if its just a little
bit every day. In the end, I hope you have everything figured out, and I hope you want to be with me again.
I understand if you don't, I really understand, but at the same time, I really really hope I can be with you again. 
I'm not ready to let go of you and I don't think I ever will be. Please don't make me let go. I'll wait however long I have
to for you because I feel so empty without you. I can have fun with my friends, I can have a good time, I can do all the things 
I have to do, but at the end of the day, it's you I think about, and you I want to talk to. Talk to about how much fun I had, 
about the good times I had, and about all the things I've done. I want to be in your life as well, celebrating your wins,
being there for you when you need me, and just hanging out with you. I really really miss you. 

One thing I really wished for these past few days was to see you again. I saw you came home today. I really wished you texted me
to come see you. I know I shouldn't expect those type of things, but I was really sad when you didn't. Maybe that was for the best
though. If I saw you, I would really want to hold you, or actually, I would have really wanted you to hold me and just tell me
that everything was going to be okay.

I'm not too sure what the future holds right now and it hurts to even think about what the future is like without you. It
scares me, being so clueless and uncertain about everything. I know I shouldn't worry about the future right now, I should just
take the time to take care of myself, but I just can't stop thinking of you. If you read this, know that I would never give up on us,
if you want to try again, I'll be here to keep trying with you. And if we found each other again, I'd make sure I never lose you again.

On a happier note, today I went to school with Benjamin and Aidan. We just hung out at York for a little, until Benjamin was done his work.
After, I played basketball with Alvin and them. I know they all wanted to hangout to make sure I was okay, and I appreciate them a lot
but it feels like nothing can make me feel better right now. I feel so stuck. I miss you so much andI can't stand not being with you.
I hope you're having an easier time than me though. Did you go bouldering this week? If you did, I hope you had lots of fun.
You have a party this weekend too I think. You're gonna see all your friends again! Have lots of fun Gaby and keep taking good
care of yourself.

Yours Truly,\nKevin

